fix(TreeCascadeDropdownQuestion): fix incorrect options displayed in custom dropdown (#32)
pluginsGLPI/advancedforms: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Fixed the `Tree cascade Dropdown` question to only show items from the configured custom dropdown instead of all custom dropdowns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `Tree cascade Dropdown` question showing items from all custom dropdowns instead of only items from the configured one
```
